hey guys Alex all good from Braun
productions and today we're going to be
reviewing the audio technica atr2100 sup
for 30 bucks at amazon.com with free
shipping it was it was great so here's
the mic in itself as you can see it has
a right left side and the normal middle
being a shotgun mic and then you know
it's only about 8 inches long and it
feels great it's very sturdy it does
require one double a one screw that you
can see it right there which it does
indeed come with and it also has a fancy
on and off switch if you can see that
with the auto focusing the on and off
switch so you can save power and it
really comes in handy see I've been keep
on replacing batteries now with the
microphone comes a cheap but pretty
protective windscreen that just slides
right on there and does a fair job
compared to having it without one it
does come with a 12 foot video cable
sorry it's kind of jumbled up been using
it a lot lately and it comes with a left
and right input for our audio interfaces
and to plug into computer whichever you
need it for a TR 2500 comes with some
mic adapters which are very very handy
in pretty much the only way you're going
to use this it comes with two different
types it comes with this adapter which
screws on to any standard microphone
stand or boom stand then it comes with
another adapter that will screw on to
any standard tripod or any quarter by 20
bolt now I don't have that one with me
right now because I'm very clumsy and I
broke it these are made out of plastic
so they will break easily but if you
take care of them you should be fine so
now let's do some audio tests what
you've heard so far is all through my
video cameras onboard mic I'm using the
Sony HCR SR 12 which has a fairly decent
5.1 surround sound mic built into it now
this mic certainly does not have the
highs and lows you'd expect from a $300
camera but it does the job well as a
boomed mic when you're actors far away
in the audio just won't sound
it from your onboard mic keep in mind
that I am using a 20 foot extension to
this microphone so you will hear a
little bit of hum hello my name is Alex
how was your day going oh that's great
tell grandma I said hey hello my name is
Alex how are you doing I kind of forgot
what I said the last one but oh well hey
grandpa so overall I'm gonna give this
microphone a 8 out of 10 it is a great
microphone for its price and it comes
with a lot of cool stuff that you can
really benefit from but it's audio
clarity and quality just are not that
great compared to standard onboard mics
on video cameras but then again this is
a $30 mic so in a nutshell it is well
worth your money so that wraps it up
with the audio-technica ATR 25 stereo
condenser mic make sure to subscribe for
we upload tutorials reviews in original
videos weekly thanks guys and have a
great day